Added Troubleshooting Page (#150)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/troubleshooting.md

---
id: troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
sidebar_title: Troubleshooting
---
### Summary

> The following page provides suggestions for common errors that may occur during firmware compilation. If the information provided is insufficient to resolve the issue, feel free to seek out help from the [ZMK Discord](https://discord.gg/VJnx9kr).

Reviewer: We have a redirect URL that we use to make sure it's working, and can be replaced in one spot later, this should be:

```suggestion
The following page provides suggestions for common errors that may occur during firmware compilation. If the information provided is insufficient to resolve the issue, feel free to seek out help from the [ZMK Discord](https://zmkfirmware.dev/community/discord/invite).
```

> ### Environment Variables not Defined

Reviewer: Thinking through this, I wonder if a header of `### CMake Errors` which pinpoints the user visible error, not the root cause, might help folks identify this as relevant to them sooner.

An error along the lines of `CMake Error at (zmk directory)/zephyr/cmake/generic_toolchain.cmake:64 (include): include could not find load file:` during firmware compilation indicates that the Zephyr Environment Variables are not properly defined.

> For more information, click [here](../docs/dev-setup#environment-variables).

Reviewer: Don't use a relative URL here, in case this document moves to a different location in the future:

```suggestion
For more information, click [here](/docs/dev-setup#environment-variables).
```

> ### Improperly defined keymap

Reviewer: Same suggestion, perhaps `### DTS (devicetree) Errors` here to start w/ the problem, not the root cause/solution?

> An error along the lines of `dtlib.DTError: <board>.dts.pre.tmp:<line number>` during firmware compilation indicates an issue within the `<shield>.keymap` file.

Reviewer: Can we please add a link somewhere in this section to `/docs/behavior/key-press` as well so folks can read up on using that behavior, the arguments and what they are, etc?

Author: @petejohanson I've addressed the issue in the latest commit.

---
id: troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
sidebar_title: Troubleshooting
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

export const OsTabs = (props) => (<Tabs
groupId="operating-systems"
defaultValue="debian"
values={[
{label: 'Debian/Ubuntu', value: 'debian'},
{label: 'Raspberry OS', value: 'raspberryos'},
{label: 'Fedora', value: 'fedora'},
{label: 'Windows', value: 'win'},
{label: 'macOS', value: 'mac'},
]
}>{props.children}</Tabs>);

> ### Environment Variables not Defined

Reviewer: Before diving into a specific troubleshooting item, can we please add a `## Summary` section that outlines the purpose of the doc, and links to the Discord as a resource if the troubleshooting page doesn't help resolve the issue?
